How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
bug that was introduced?
diff filtered the files by displaying only the line differences
this made noticing the bug a lot easier as compared to scanning line by 
line
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?
It enables you to log changes that occur in the program with the changes 
in the file(s)
It also enables a programmer to return to a previous level of the 
program at will
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?
pro - you're able to commit changes logically
pro - flexibility
con - forgetting to commit for a while can lead to a large subsequent 
commit
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each 
file separately?
I think this is because of the application or use case.
For git which is intended for programmers, saving multiple files allows 
tracking of changes which may involve different files
For Google Docs, it's not necessary to track multiple files 
simultaneously as the average user intends to use it to store user files 
not related to source code
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log helps view the various commits made.
git diff shows the differences between changed files in these commits 
Using the two commands together, you're able to tell the progressive changes of each of the commits made
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
With version control previous commits are able to illustrate the previously saved versions of the repository.
This limits the effect of changing code as previous states can be restored thus boosting the developer's confidence
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Projects, fun, more fun and trying new things!!
